# A remake of the Tizen News Feed sample application with TypeScript and optionally watchify/tsify

The accompanying videos are 
- [Using TypeScript, Visual Studio Code and Tizen Studio in Tizen Web Application Development (Part 1)](https://youtu.be/EjJ5mUXpO5c)
- [Importing Samsung Certificate](https://youtu.be/vB7buvPogR8)
- [Part 2, Refactoring app.ts into multiple modules](https://youtu.be/Hxqg42jmkYU)

## When cloned how to start the project?

## Initialization Steps
- npm init
    - package name: (t11jobwatch) 10newsfeedts
    - version: (1.0.0) 
    - description: A remake of the Tizen News Feed sample application with TypeScript and optionally watchify/tsify
    - entry point: (index.js) 
    - test command: test
    - git repository: (https://github.com/nemethmik/t11jobwatch.git) 
    - keywords: TypeScript Tizen 
    - author: Miklos Nemeth
    - license: (ISC) MIT
- npm install typescript copyfiles tsify watchify --save-dev
    - Since created this project on Mac, where it's terribly difficult to install tsc globally. Anyhow eventually **tsify** is going to be used for the project which doesn't require tsc only typescript.
    - **npx tsc -v** to test typescript version 
- **npx tsc --init** to create tsconfig.json
- Open Tizen Studio, 
    - Select t11jobwatch as the workspace folder
    - Create project **newsfeedts** in the t11jobwatch folder
        - This folder is going to be the **outDir** for tsc/tsify
    - The gigantic node_modules folder in the workspace wasn't a problem for Tizen Studio, since it was outside of the project.
    - I copied my existing Samsing certificate from my Windows computer, and configured to be used on the Mac, too. 
- After this step I made a commit since everything worked fine on my watch.

## 2nd Phase: Rewrite app.js as app.ts in the src/js folder and compile it over to newsfeedts/js/app.js

- Move newsfeedts/js/app.js as src/js/app.ts
    - Non need for the newsfeedts/js/app.js any more, it will be generated by the compiler or watchify.
- Change app.ts according to typescript style
- Adjust tsconfig
    - "outDir": "./newsfeedts",
    - "rootDir": "./src",
    - "inlineSourceMap": true, 
    - "inlineSources": true,
- Use **npx tsc** to compile the project.
- Use **npx watchify src/js/app.ts -v -p tsify --debug -o newsfeedts/js/app.js** to automate the compilation process with watchify and tsify.
- Open Tizen Studio and debug/run the web app on the emulator or Galaxy Watch.

## 3rd Phase: Split app.ts into multiple modules
- Use **fetch** instead of XMLHttpRequest with **async - await**